Well, last year I traveled, umm in January, February, April, June, July and then again in September and October.

Um, it's a bit different, some of them are city trips, some others are just to see something and there have been two trips where it was part of my studies.

Yes, I usually do.

Um, well, I start by googling it, like what can you do in, I don't know, umm Portugal and then I usually also Google or search for some vlogs on YouTube and then I always find such websites where there are 3-day itineraries for this city or country.

Um, no, those are blogs and personal websites and they usually just write what they've done and what they think is best.

Um, not really, but I think there's a lot of work, because you know besides looking at these three-day itineraries and such, umm it's also about looking at where everything is, so usually I would look at Google maps and then, because normally I would like there to be a map with such pins where I can see where everything is, because it's important for me to know where I'm going.

Yes, or not only in the area, but maybe umm here's a small map that shows where the most exciting things to visit are and then usually when I do it myself, I can see that most of the things are somewhere, right, so I usually try to find a place [to stay] close to that place and the other places, I usually just take the bus there.

Yes.

Um, maybe five hours, spread over several days.

Um, I like to mix it up a bit, so for me there always has to be at least one museum, umm and then I also like to, umm visit different areas inside the city, if there is beautiful architecture, umm if it's a very historical city, then I usually like that there is information about what am I looking at in the different places and such.

Prices, I would say, and if there is something that costs something, I would really like to know that, or if there are many things that don't cost anything at all, it would be super nice to know that.

Yes.

No, not according to the definition.

Well, if it's going to be something like TripAdvisor, I think it's very complicated to navigate through it. I don't think it's easy to use, as it's mostly about what other people have commented on it and you have to go through many comments, which I don't like. And if it's a physical travel guide like a book or something, then I just think there is too much information that I'm not going to read.

I would say both. Honestly, I can't figure out how to use TripAdvisor and I have traveled a lot, so yeah, I don't know.

Well, usually, as I said, I just Google things and the first thing that comes up is TripAdvisor. Usually, there are so many activities and just too many comments. For me, it's those comments that I don't get anything out of. And then TripAdvisor looks like, to me, more like a website where you can buy experiences. So they have many tours, and sometimes you can do it for free, but it's just not what I'm looking for.

Yes, and usually what these blogs do, for example, if it's a specific area like Nørreport that I want to see, then these blogs just say you can walk around different stores blah blah blah, and if you want a guided tour, then you can look at these. Whereas TripAdvisor just does it as a guided tour and that's it.

No, I don't think so.