Um, three to four times a year.

A good mix.

Yes, always.

Do I have some options or should I just shoot from the hip?

Actually, I use Google a lot, and I also use Instagram.

Uh, no, not as such, I think. Or yes, sometimes I feel that it's just the same thing you find on all websites. I don't feel there's any variation, even if it's a blogger writing about it and she's trying to say that it's personal and stuff, it's not. She probably just found it somewhere else. So, I just feel like they copy-paste each other a bit instead of coming up with something a little different, if that's what you're looking for. I don't want to go to those touristy places.

Yes, exactly. Something you know you just can't experience anywhere else, something that's a little hidden, something that's not basic. For example, if you search for Paris, it's the Eiffel Tower. More of the local, it would be cool if the locals could make some guides or something.

How much time do I spend?

One to two weeks.

That it's not touristy. That's very important because I don't want to go to places that are just filled with all sorts of tourists. It's important that when you go out, you see mostly locals and hear their language, you get a connection with the locals.

The food is actually really important, and prices and um transportation options in the country itself. It's very important to find out if you need to rent a car and put more money into it or if you can take the metro and all those things, it's super important.

Okay, like bloggers, right?

Yes, I have.

Yes, I certainly did.

It was more descriptive and informative than just Googling how the Eiffel Tower looks or how many visitors it gets. It was more like a review with personal experiences and opinions, which is more subjective and helpful.

Definitely digital. I don't have the patience for physical travel guides. They give me a headache.

Well, for example, when you search for Asia, you already have certain preconceptions and thoughts about it, but you cannot confirm or deny anything until you have been there and experienced it yourself. By using these review apps or travel guides, as you call them, you can confirm or deny some of these things before you decide to go there. This way, you don't get disappointed when you arrive and realize that it is not as great as you expected it to be.

It's really cool that you can confirm or deny some things, and of course, you should read many different guides, not just one, because otherwise, it's just the same thing, like reviews on Trustpilot, for example.

Pictures. I think it's important to have pictures because who wants to read a three-page description of something? Videos are also good, where it is shown instead of being described. For example, vloggers are also travel guides. So, there should be some pictures or videos to attract me.

Oh, yeah, the weather is also an important factor in where we should go because we live in Denmark, and it's usually cold here, so we want to go to a warmer place. That's all for my additions.