Uh, about once a year, minimum, and usually it's during summer vacation.
It's a beach holiday.
Uh, we've actually only done that once, when we went to Cyprus, uh, but otherwise we usually travel to Italy with the kids and it's mostly just on the beach and, uh, not doing too much.
Well, we relied a lot on, uh, people's experiences, uh, my mom's aunt has been a tour guide, so we kind of used other peoples experiences.
Yes, we haven't really used the internet or technology to find out about it. I mean, it obviously has something to do with how much it costs and we have sort of investigated what it costs, but we haven't investigated sights and such.
Maybe a month, because there were several of us traveling, so we had to plan the vacation around the kids, work, and all the things we each have to fit together.
Uh, well for us it's about, uh, it's very important because my mom has difficulty walking, so it shouldn't be places with too many hills, it should be sort of flat and with transportation options and, uh, where you could book through the hotel.
What do you mean by travel information?
Yeah, uh, we're big fans of direct flights, especially when you have kids, it's quite important that travel time is as short as possible, so preferably direct flights and of course, it's quite important for us to travel in the morning, uh, as early as possible, so we get something out of the day and, uh, when we're going back home, we travel as late as possible, because then we get a little more out of the day while we're there.
Yes.
Umm not really, I mean we've had those 'Turen går til...' books, but I've never really used them because we usually always travel to the same place and umm yeah, but a few times I have looked, but usually not.
Well, we have researched what the hotel offers because they usually have a lot of activities that are part of the hotel's plan, so that's pretty much what we used. And everything was taken care of for us, so we just had to show up and they would transport us. But we were in luck in Cyprus because there was a tour guide who told us a lot of things about the places we went to see. Not because I think guides are missing something, but in that respect, I think we are a bit more hands-off, so we just experience things and try to get some experiences for the kids.
Yes, I think so. When we researched Cyprus, it wasn't a specific travel guide, but we were on the hotel's website, and they had a lot of information about child-friendly activities and for adults. And, umm, I definitely think you could use a travel guide, but we are so digital, so it's more about how to get your hands on it.
Well, not really, except when we searched for the place we were going to, we haven't really found any digital travel guides.
No, I think I got my answer out in a sober and good way, hehe.
Well, last year I traveled, umm in January, February, April, June, July and then again in September and October.
Um, it's a bit different, some of them are city trips, some others are just to see something and there have been two trips where it was part of my studies.
Yes, I usually do.
Um, well, I start by googling it, like what can you do in, I don't know, umm Portugal and then I usually also Google or search for some vlogs on YouTube and then I always find such websites where there are 3-day itineraries for this city or country.
Um, no, those are blogs and personal websites and they usually just write what they've done and what they think is best.
Um, not really, but I think there's a lot of work, because you know besides looking at these three-day itineraries and such, umm it's also about looking at where everything is, so usually I would look at Google maps and then, because normally I would like there to be a map with such pins where I can see where everything is, because it's important for me to know where I'm going.
Yes, or not only in the area, but maybe umm here's a small map that shows where the most exciting things to visit are and then usually when I do it myself, I can see that most of the things are somewhere, right, so I usually try to find a place [to stay] close to that place and the other places, I usually just take the bus there.
Yes.
Um, maybe five hours, spread over several days.
Um, I like to mix it up a bit, so for me there always has to be at least one museum, umm and then I also like to, umm visit different areas inside the city, if there is beautiful architecture, umm if it's a very historical city, then I usually like that there is information about what am I looking at in the different places and such.
Prices, I would say, and if there is something that costs something, I would really like to know that, or if there are many things that don't cost anything at all, it would be super nice to know that.
Yes.
No, not according to the definition.
Well, if it's going to be something like TripAdvisor, I think it's very complicated to navigate through it. I don't think it's easy to use, as it's mostly about what other people have commented on it and you have to go through many comments, which I don't like. And if it's a physical travel guide like a book or something, then I just think there is too much information that I'm not going to read.
I would say both. Honestly, I can't figure out how to use TripAdvisor and I have traveled a lot, so yeah, I don't know.
Well, usually, as I said, I just Google things and the first thing that comes up is TripAdvisor. Usually, there are so many activities and just too many comments. For me, it's those comments that I don't get anything out of. And then TripAdvisor looks like, to me, more like a website where you can buy experiences. So they have many tours, and sometimes you can do it for free, but it's just not what I'm looking for.
Yes, and usually what these blogs do, for example, if it's a specific area like Nørreport that I want to see, then these blogs just say you can walk around different stores blah blah blah, and if you want a guided tour, then you can look at these. Whereas TripAdvisor just does it as a guided tour and that's it.
No, I don't think so.
Relatively often because I visit my family in Jutland, should I include that?
Now it has been a long time due to corona, but maybe once a year otherwise? Maybe there will be more with my derby team eventually.
It's been a long time now, but big city trips.
No, not really, I've mostly been on trips with family, where someone else has done it. But sometimes I've tried to see what I really want to check out, and when it's open and stuff like that.
I think sometimes when you, well, if I'm going to this city, you also have to find out what's where, so it can be a bit difficult to find out where things are in relation to each other, and which district which is what, if you don't already know.
if I'm traveling with someone, how much it costs, when it's open, where it is in relation to my area, how to get there. If I was very good at planning I would probably think about how much you walk around a place, if you are in a museum for a long time, for example, your legs can really hurt at the end, so not then I would know that I should do some easy activities afterwards.
A little bit, only those small, free brochures you get some places. But I have never used or bought a travel book.
Sometimes it's nice to have a physical object.
Good question, I'm a bit against downloading apps for everything. I probably wouldn't do it unless, for example, I was traveling with a friend who recommended it and for some reason it made sense that we both had it. It should be very good, and offer something I can't find elsewhere.
I don't like it when you download something and can't see anything in the app until I've given my email address. If you don't like the app, they still have your email and may send you lots of emails.
I want the opportunity to use the app first and see if I like it. Then you know it's worth creating a user. And that there is a reason why you should create a user, I want to know why.
I travel about once a year.
A city or beach holiday? It's a bit of a mix, I would say. I would probably say it's a city holiday.
Yes, I usually do that every time before I travel, so I try to investigate on the internet, for example, which restaurants I can visit, cafes, or something else exciting to do in that city.
Yes, if there are people living there that I know, maybe I have family members who can recommend an area or a place, so I can get a little referral or guide. Yes, well, I would like it if I could, for example search for the city's best restaurants, and then I would like to be able to see all the restaurants that exist, which I cannot do every time. I think, when you just google it, for example, if I have to find a restaurant in Istanbul, I don't think I can find all the best restaurants, that's how it is.
How much time do I use? Uhmm, that's a bit difficult, I would probably look and write something down when I have found a place I want to go and see, I would also do that when I'm there, how much time would I use? Should I say that in hours? I spend about 3-4 hours, I would probably say, yes, it sounds very good because there are also some other days that I probably want to look, yes.
It is important that I can get there by public transport or by car if I have it there, where I am going, what else is important? That it is also affordable, I think, what I have to experience, see, or eat is at a price that my economy can handle, uhmm what else is important? I can't really think of anything else right now, but there may be other things, it was just the transport I was thinking of, and I would probably prefer to have something nearby for food and drink, uhmm besides that, I probably can't think of anything else.
Now I just remembered about the COVID restrictions. So, if there's anything related to COVID restrictions, I would like to know beforehand. If I need to get tested or wear a mask at this hotel or anything else. Anything related to flying and everything else, if there's anything I need to know beforehand, that's what I'm thinking about. What else could there be? I can't really think of anything else.
Are you talking about an app? No, I haven't. No, I use maps if I need to find an address, but other than that, it's not something I've thought about.
Well, at least an overview of the cities in the country, the accommodations and hotels, the sights that one can experience, and the restaurants and cafes that one can visit. Oh, and I would like to be able to see transportation options, such as public transportation, if I were to go to a city where I had never been before, so I could get a good overview of what I could choose from. I'm thinking both because it could also be that I am in a car, perhaps, um, both maps and how to get there by public transportation, and then a list of some hotels or accommodations. And then a little information, maybe, about the city or cities. That's what I'm thinking about.
I travel quite a lot, maybe 5 times a year.
Beach holiday once a year, the rest in the city. Summer holidays are often beach holidays, and city breaks are weekend trips.
Absolutely, I usually check out things to do, where to stay and recommended places to eat and stuff like that.
30-60 minutes.
For slightly new cities, I think it can be a challenge to find where to live, because sometimes it turns out that things are much worse than you thought. For the most part, in a city you want to have a short distance to most of the things you have to do, and sometimes it turns out that the hotel is located in a place where nothing happens.
Travel blogs, I use google to find some good travel blogs, and I visit tripadvisor.
With travel blogs you often get personal opinions and experiences, if you have a similar style you can imagine if you like what they like. And you are often recommended hidden gems. While tripadvisor is better for, if you are going to Malta for example, you can find the three most important things to do there.
I like places that have a lot of history, if it's going to be a city break it should be a city that has a lot of exciting history and that has some things and sights to discover. Food, museums, parks, things to do.
Yes, in the past you always bought travel books, I always did. "Asia on a shoestring", "The trip goes to..", books about the city you were going to, and had a small travel book with you on the trip, so I could imagine using an app that corresponds to the old travel books.
For example, I can remember a travel guide about Thailand, it contained information about the various parts of Thailand, because often you want to travel around a bit, and then you can see where there are jungle and safari opportunities, and where there are nice swimming opportunities or cheap accommodation and good food in the individual areas. Include things that are important/useful to know about the various areas.
I prefer when you can log in with things you already have. Google or vipps for example.
Yes, for my part, I think it's important to include tips for places to eat and transport, and where it's a good idea to stay. For example, in Copenhagen, where do you want to live if you want to cycle a lot or experience culture. Such tips.
Um, three to four times a year.
A good mix.
Yes, always.
Do I have some options or should I just shoot from the hip?
Actually, I use Google a lot, and I also use Instagram.
Uh, no, not as such, I think. Or yes, sometimes I feel that it's just the same thing you find on all websites. I don't feel there's any variation, even if it's a blogger writing about it and she's trying to say that it's personal and stuff, it's not. She probably just found it somewhere else. So, I just feel like they copy-paste each other a bit instead of coming up with something a little different, if that's what you're looking for. I don't want to go to those touristy places.
Yes, exactly. Something you know you just can't experience anywhere else, something that's a little hidden, something that's not basic. For example, if you search for Paris, it's the Eiffel Tower. More of the local, it would be cool if the locals could make some guides or something.
How much time do I spend?
One to two weeks.
That it's not touristy. That's very important because I don't want to go to places that are just filled with all sorts of tourists. It's important that when you go out, you see mostly locals and hear their language, you get a connection with the locals.
The food is actually really important, and prices and um transportation options in the country itself. It's very important to find out if you need to rent a car and put more money into it or if you can take the metro and all those things, it's super important.
Okay, like bloggers, right?
Yes, I have.
Yes, I certainly did.
It was more descriptive and informative than just Googling how the Eiffel Tower looks or how many visitors it gets. It was more like a review with personal experiences and opinions, which is more subjective and helpful.
Definitely digital. I don't have the patience for physical travel guides. They give me a headache.
Well, for example, when you search for Asia, you already have certain preconceptions and thoughts about it, but you cannot confirm or deny anything until you have been there and experienced it yourself. By using these review apps or travel guides, as you call them, you can confirm or deny some of these things before you decide to go there. This way, you don't get disappointed when you arrive and realize that it is not as great as you expected it to be.
It's really cool that you can confirm or deny some things, and of course, you should read many different guides, not just one, because otherwise, it's just the same thing, like reviews on Trustpilot, for example.
Pictures. I think it's important to have pictures because who wants to read a three-page description of something? Videos are also good, where it is shown instead of being described. For example, vloggers are also travel guides. So, there should be some pictures or videos to attract me.
Oh, yeah, the weather is also an important factor in where we should go because we live in Denmark, and it's usually cold here, so we want to go to a warmer place. That's all for my additions.
Abroad?
I probably travel 5 times a year, maybe more.
Big city.
Yes, especially if I haven't been there before.
Google and Tripadvisor, friends, networks, if I know someone who has been somewhere.
I think sites like TripAdvisor are very generic, and very much based on typical tourist attractions that older clientele want to do. You don't get inside information about what you want to do, it's more like the most important sights and the best museums. It's harder to find local, cultural things that I'm interested in, so then I have to use people I know or contacts I have from the place I'm going to.
I don't spend much time, because of what I just mentioned.
It has to be something memorable, something that fits the context of the trip, who I'm traveling with. Something worthwhile, and enjoyable.
Content, price, location, that kind of thing. Reviews, which group it is suitable for.
It must be clear, easy to use, intuitive.
The easiest thing is to register with your email and password, you also don't have to fill in the link.
Yes, I have used a physical brochure, not online. Does it count?
Everything is better to use digitally with maps, planning etc. I don't use guides that much, because I want to plan my own route. The internet is easy to use for planning.
Reviews are important, including maps. That is the most important thing.
Once a year, approximately.
Primarily a city holiday. Recently, we went to a summer house, but I also went on a beach holiday in Cyprus last summer.
Yes.
Google.
Yes, the last time in Cyprus it was TUI, and they had a lot of things you could buy, experiences and guides on which sights to visit, so it was nice.
Yes, they did.
A little bit. We used it because it calculated the transportation out to the sights and we could just check 'yes' and then we got transportation and tickets and such.
No, it was mostly like, well, I know there was a full-day taxi tour, for example, available, where you could decide for yourself where to go. We bought tickets to the zoo, so we were picked up by a bus and then driven out to the zoo, and then driven home again.
Yes, it was a bit difficult to figure out where and how and that kind of information.
It was a lack of information, but also because it wasn't the best app ever, it was a bit difficult to navigate.
Overwhelming, it was very difficult to figure out where to go in the app.
I probably spent about an hour in total.
How easy it was, like how simple it was to get there and that kind of thing.
Transportation in terms of timing and location.
Yes, the one that's everywhere, that little bird, the green one, where you can review places. It reviews both restaurants and I think also some places, attractions.
Yes, it was Google actually. When searching for attractions, it was there, and then TUI, of course, also had their own list of things you could add.
It's a bit special because it advertises a lot for certain things, so it's a bit difficult to see some of the smaller, lesser-known things.
It was more like, it may be that you have just read about the three biggest attractions, but then it won't show much more than that.
Well, I haven't, but my mom was very fond of those 'Hvor går turen hen' books.
Hmm, well, of course, where the place is and any ideas for how to get there, especially if there is a bus line and it says you can do it this way. That was really it.
No, I don't think so.